---
layout: postLNB
title: "Chapter 92: Those Bound by the Cursed Threads of Fate (1)"
comments: true
tags: [lnb]
categories: [lnb]
date: 2022-08-21 21:50:00 -0400
---

The atmosphere in Yuxi was unexpectedly bleak. There were only a few people on the streets, and the whole city was blanketed in a macabre, gloomy atmosphere.

Im Soo-Kwang took the group to a manor known as the Clear Moon Villa, which doubled as the Tyrant Fist Sect branch in Yuxi.

As if he had already been notified of their arrival, the villa steward stood outside the gates together with the other servants. "Welcome, I've been waiting for you," he greeted.

"Steward Yeom, where are the warriors from Heaven's Summit?"

"They haven't arrived yet."

"I see! Also, please prepare accommodations for these two guests," Im Soo-Kwang said, pointing to Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung.

However, Jin Mu-Won shook his head, saying, "Thank you for your consideration, but we intend to move independently from now on."

"You've already accompanied us all the way here. Why not just accept our offer?"

"It's more convenient for us that way."

Tang Gi-Mun, who had been watching from the side, stepped forward and added, "He's here to search for his missing uncle. Staying in the villa would restrict his movements."

"I suppose that's possible." Im Soo-Kwang nodded in agreement. As guests, the two young men would have to follow the house's rules and obtain permission every time they wished to leave the villa.

"Have you found any clues as to your uncle's whereabouts yet?"

Jin Mu-Won shook his head, replying, "Nothing, except that he went missing here in Yuxi."

"Hmm! Well, it's not going to be easy. I hope you find your uncle alive and well. If you need any help from the Tyrant Fist Sect, feel free to inform Steward Yeom. As long as it's something I can do, I'll help you as much as I can."

"Thank you. Then, we'll be leaving now..." Jin Mu-Won gave Im Soo-Kwang a fist salute, turned, and left. Kwak Moon-Jung quickly did the same and hurried after Jin Mu-Won.

Tang Mi-Ryeo blankly watched Jin Mu-Won disappear into the distance, her eyes brimming with regret.

As they walked along the streets of Yuxi, Kwak Moon-Jung asked, "Hyung, have you decided where we're going next?"

"No."

"Then wouldn't it have been better to stay at the Clear Moon Villa? The Tyrant Fist Sect is offering us their help."

"That's our last resort, because I don't trust the Tyrant Fist Sect one bit."

"……" Kwak Moon-Jung fell silent at Jin Mu-Won's firm answer.

In response, Jin Mu-Won smiled at him and continued, "Still, we shouldn't be too hostile toward them. I only said that because this is the gangho, after all, where trusting anyone completely is the height of foolishness."

"Understood!"

"Moon-Jung, if you were to come to Yuxi as part of the White Dragon Merchant Association, which inn would you choose?"

"If I was with the White Dragon Merchant Association, then I would choose the largest inn, because we always travel with a large caravan. Of course, the inn stable needs to be well-equipped and it would be preferable if we could stay in a separate building of our own."

"Then, let's look around and find out if such an inn exists."

"Oh! You're trying to trace their movements, aren't you?" Kwak Moon-Jung exclaimed, only now realizing Jin Mu-Won's true intentions.

"Yes. It's impossible for no traces to have been left behind when so many people mysteriously disappeared all at once."

"Moreover, since Yuxi is much smaller than Kunming, there shouldn't be many inns that could accommodate them, right?"

"Right."

"Then, would you mind leaving this to me? I think I'm quite experienced in things like this."

"Sure."

"Heehee! Okay then, I'll be right back," Kwak Moon-Jung said, before running off.

A few minutes later, he reappeared, huffing and puffing.

"I asked the locals, and they said that there's only one large inn in Yuxi, the Jumbo Inn."

"The Jumbo Inn?"

"Yes! Every large merchant caravan that arrives here stays there."

It seemed that their destination was now set. The two young men walked toward the Jumbo Inn, which was located on the outskirts of Yuxi. The three-story wooden building was shabby, but it was definitely large enough to accommodate the bigger caravans.

They entered the inn, only to find that it was deserted save for one teenage waiter dozing off in a corner. Kwak Moon-Jung, who couldn't stand to watch this pathetic sight any longer, said, "Oi."

"Huh? Yes! Welcome!" The surprised waiter opened his eyes, nimbly sprung to his feet like a cat, and hurried toward the two.

"Do you have any rooms available?"

"What? As you can see, all we have here are empty rooms. Hehe!" the waiter exaggeratedly pointed at the empty inn, making Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung laugh at the funny sight.

"I see. It's so quiet you can hear the flies buzzing in here."

"It's been like this for the last six months. If this continues, the inn will be forced to close down."

"That serious?"

"Don't even get me started on this. Our entire customer base was cut off. There are so many rumors floating around that no one dares to stay here."

"Huh."

Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung took a seat in the inn restaurant, while the waiter laid a pot and cups on their table.

"How many days are you planning to stay?" the waiter asked.

"About three or four days. Maybe longer."

The waiter grinned and replied, "Alright. I'll give you the best room since there's no one else here anyway. Hehe!"

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. Food for you two?"

"Yes, please. We're starving after having traveled a long way, so serve us your best dishes. Bring us some wine too if you have any."

"Hehe! Okay, I'll get all that prepared right away. Please wait for a while." The waiter ran into the kitchen.

Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung looked out at the streets of Yuxi. Despite the beautiful scenery, these streets that would normally be thronging with poets and artists were deserted and as silent as the dead.

Suddenly, Kwak Moon-Jung asked, "Won't the White Dragon Merchant Association and the Iron Brigade track down this place as well?"

"You're right, they probably will, since they're also following in the previous caravan's footsteps. However, since they have to coordinate their movements with the Tyrant Fist Sect, I don't think they're going to make it here for a while."

Due to planning, organization and procedural issues, traveling and investigation was always harder for a large group compared to a small one. Although it was safer, the one- or two-day delay caused could be crucial to preventing an irreversible tragedy.

"The Iron Brigade, the White Dragon Merchant Association, the Tyrant Fist Sect, Heaven's Summit… I wonder what other factions have gotten involved in this mess?"

"Well, one thing is for sure, everything is only just beginning."

"Haa…" Kwak Moon-Jung sighed. Although he had never thought for a moment that this mission would be easy, he didn't think that so many big shots would get involved, either. If not for Jin Mu-Won's presence, just the names of these powerful factions would have made his legs wobble.

Jin Mu-Won recalled the name of the mastermind behind all this.

*Geum Dan-Yeop.*

They had only met once, but Jin Mu-Won could not forget that man's face.

*Just what is he after? What kind of a blueprint has that man drawn for Yunnan?*

Jin Mu-Won tried to think about things from Geum Dan-Yeop's standpoint, but he had far too little information on the man to conclude anything. The only things he knew about Geum Dan-Yeop was that 1) he was an extraordinary person and 2) he was a master of the sound arts. 

Furthermore, Geum Dan-Yeop had Nam Goon-Wi, a master martial artist, on his side. The grand plan they had come up with was definitely going to be impactful, but unfortunately, he had no way of finding out what that was.

*Regardless, my first priority is rescuing Uncle Hwang. Everything else comes after.*

Right now, to Jin Mu-Won, Hwang Cheol was the most important person. Saving him took precedence over everything, and everyone else.

As Jin Mu-Won organized his thoughts, the waiter carried plates filled with a mountain of food to their table.

"Hehe, thanks for waiting! I swear you won't be disappointed."

A steamed carp formed the centerpiece of the feast, and several other dishes were placed around it. The fragrance wafting from the food really whetted the two's appetites.

Finally, the waiter placed a jug sealed with red paper on the table, saying, "And this is the specialty of our Jumbo Inn personally brewed by my boss, the Jade Cordial."

Even sealed, the tantalizing aroma of the wine tickled their noses.

"This is good wine!"

"Have a taste. You won't regret it!"

Jin Mu-Won opened the seal, causing the scent of the wine to burst out. He quickly gulped down a cup of wine.

"Wow!" The feel of the strong wine burning down his throat was so exhilarating, Jin Mu-Won couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

Kwak Moon-Jung, who was next to him, stared at him with sparkly puppy dog eyes.

Jin Mu-Won immediately understood what the boy wanted. "Would you like a drink?" he asked.

"No, I can't…but if you'll offer me one, I'll have just one cup. Ehehe!" Kwak Moon-Jung looked a little hesitant, but did not reject Jin Mu-Won's offer.

Jin Mu-Won smiled and poured Kwak Moon-Jung a cup of wine, bringing a smile to the young boy's face.

Although Kwak Moon-Jung was still young, he'd drunk wine together with the other members of the trading caravans before. That was because to people of the gangho, the instant one held a weapon and had the ability to protect themselves, their age was no longer important, only that they were a martial artist.

Kwak Moon-Jung carefully took a sip of the cordial. The exceptional sweetness instantly struck his fancy.

"Hehe! This is delicious." He grinned from ear to ear.

"Enjoy your meal! Call me if you need anything," the waiter left, beaming.

Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung ate and chatted. As the waiter had guaranteed, the food was excellent, and the wine exquisite. For the first time in a while, the two young men were able to enjoy a nice meal.

After eating, they retired to their room. Perhaps because they had traveled a long way, they were both oddly sleepy, and fell asleep immediately after lying down on their beds.

*I suppose now should be about the right time for me to get to work?*

Suddenly, someone quietly opened the room door and stuck his head inside. It was the waiter. Upon seeing the sleeping Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung, he smiled in satisfaction.

"As expected, they've fallen asleep. The 'Hundred Daydreams' is truly potent, hehe!"

Like a stray cat, he soundlessly entered the room.

He had spiked the wine given to Jin Mu-Won and Kwak Moon-Jung with a powerful sedative called the "Hundred Daydreams". The drug took a long time to take effect, but once the victim fell asleep, it was impossible to wake them up without giving them the antidote. 

Although the drug wasn't as potent as its name suggested, giving people a hundred daydreams, it was still strong enough to affect martial artists. Most importantly, it wasn't classified as a type of poison, so most experts would not be able to detect it.

The waiter's true identity was the master spy Cheong-In. Until now, he had only observed Jin Mu-Won from afar, but he finally decided to take the risk and disguise himself as a waiter to approach the young man.

After confirming that Jin Mu-Won was indeed asleep, Cheong-In carefully searched through his luggage.

"Something's weird. I just can't find any information on this guy. It's as if he just fell out of the sky one day."

Up until recently, Cheong-In had closely observed Jin Mu-Won in order to discern his true identity. However, the young man's martial arts, background, age etc. were complete unknowns.

The only reliable information that he had about the guy was that he was searching for a missing relative, and that he had traveled together with the White Dragon Merchant Association, but even this information was something he had obtained using the Black Moon's extensive spy network, not personally.

In the end, Cheong-In had been left with no choice but to take the risk and dig through Jin Mu-Won's luggage for clues about his identity. He quickly found the jade token that Tang Mi-Ryeo had given him, some spare clothes, and…that was it.

He sighed in disappointment, "Damn it! What kind of person only carries this stuff with him..."

There was nothing that could prove Jin Mu-Won's identity. 

Suddenly, Cheong-In's eyes fell upon Snow Flower, which lay beside Jin Mu-Won's bed.

"…Perhaps?"

As if he was possessed, once he laid eyes upon Snow Flower, he simply couldn't take his eyes off it, and unconsciously reached for it…

"GYAAAAH!"

The instant Cheong-In's fingers made contact with Snow Flower, his eyes glazed over.
