---
layout: postSIMB
title: "Chapter 108: He's Lying"
comments: true
tags: [simb]
categories: [simb]
date: 2024-07-22 21:16:00 +0800
---

Baek Suryong sighed heavily as he surveyed the chaotic inn, "Fights between men, I can understand, but smashing the entire inn? There's no way the Academy won't hear about this. How do you plan to explain yourselves?"

"……"

"……"

Geo Sangwoong and Ya Suhyeok averted their eyes, unable to meet Baek Suryong's gaze. However, as soon as they glanced at each other, the two went at it again.

"What are you looking at?"

"This guy..."

Unfortunately, Baek Suryong wasn't one to let their transgression slide.

THWACK! WHACK!

"Ugh..."

"Ow..."

As the Black Dragon Pointer swiftly struck each of their heads, the two boys grimaced and clutched their heads in pain.

Baek Suryong clicked his tongue at the pitiful sight. "If you cause a problem, you should solve it yourself. Knowing that, instead of repenting, are you planning to fight again in front of me?"

Geo Sangwoong sighed deeply, "I'm sorry. I'll call someone to clean up the mess."

"Do you think calling someone will be enough? The inn needs to be rebuilt."

"Then I'll hire a company to rebuild it."

"What?"

"Excuse me for a moment."

Geo Sangwoong asked Baek Suryong's permission to go out for a moment, and soon returned with a crew of workers who immediately began clearing away the debris and reconstructing the inn.

Gawking at the workers, Baek Suryong asked incredulously, "Geo Sangwoong, by any chance...is your family filthy rich?"

"Yes, they are," Geo Sangwoong replied curtly. Then, sensing that Baek Suryong was waiting for him to elaborate, he added, "This inn, the gambling house across the street, and most of the businesses around here belong to my father. So, even if something happens to get damaged, the Academy won't blame me for it."

"There was no such information in your profile..."

"...What profile?"

Unwilling to admit that he had asked the Student Council to investigate a student, Baek Suryong hastily changed the topic, saying, "Anyway, why did you hide such an important fact until now?"

"I didn't hide it, it just never came up." Geo Sangwoong sulked, casting a strangely hostile glance at Baek Suryong.

*Why is he looking at me like that? This is our first meeting...* Unable to suppress his curiosity, Baek Suryong asked, "Geo Sangwoong, do you have a problem with me?"

"...No."

Baek Suryong didn't think that Geo Sangwoong was telling the truth, but he just nodded for now and turned to the other problem child. "Ya Suhyeok, getting into a tavern brawl as soon as you pass the entrance exam? Well done."

"I'm sorry," Ya Suhyeok apologized bluntly, bowing his head.

*Despite his bear-like size, he's unexpectedly docile?* Baek Suryong wondered.

Of course, Ya Suhyeok had a reason for being so compliant. After hesitating for a moment, he asked, "How did you do that earlier?"

"Do what?"

"Block my punch."

Seeing Ya Suhyeok's sheepish expression, Baek Suryong chuckled, "Is blocking your punch that impressive?"

"......" Ya Suhyeok looked like he wanted to retort, but in the end he remained silent. Baek Suryong had indeed blocked their punches effortlessly.

Knowing what they were thinking, Baek Suryong continued, "You're curious about how I caught both of your fists without using any inner arts, right?"

"Yes," Ya Suhyeok nodded obediently, and Geo Sangwoong, though silent, listened intently. When Baek Suryong blocked their punches, there was no hint of inner arts. If he had used the inner arts, they would have felt it.

"Before that, let's talk about what I want." Baek Suryong smiled and pulled out two course registration forms from his sleeve pocket. "I came here today to ask you two, Ya Suhyeok and Geo Sangwoong, to sign up for my class, Defense Against the Unorthodox Arts. Stamp your personal seal here and submit it to the administration office. I've already filled out the rest of the form for you."

"……"

"……"

"Ahem." With no reaction from the two, Baek Suryong cleared his throat and offered a tempting deal, "If you take my class, I'll teach you how to use your bodies properly, without any wasted energy or movements like you are doing now."

Ya Suhyeok's eyes lit up with interest. "You'll teach me how to use my body properly?"

On the other hand, Geo Sangwoong's expression soured. "Wasted energy and movements? Hmph," he muttered under his breath.

Baek Suryong stared straight at Geo Sangwoong. Geo Sangwoong's large frame was reminiscent of an elephant, while Ya Suhyeok looked like a fierce bear rearing up to fight. 

"That's right. You two were born with the optimal build and muscle structure for outer arts, but you're not using your bodies right," he said.

Maeng Ho'ak was a mountain of a man. Although he was similar in size to the two kids before him, he had a much larger presence, even in his weakened state in prison. The reason for that was his mastery of outer arts.

Baek Suryong recalled a conversation he had with the Bandit King in his previous life.

> "I've taught a few students, but they all ran away after some time even though all they suffered was a few broken bones..." Maeng Ho'ak complained, nonchalantly digging his nose.
>
> "…Master Maeng, do you really have to lick the boogers off your fingers?"
>
> "What do you expect me to do when the food's so bland? Bring some seasoning," Maeng Ho'ak snorted, then lay down and continued, "Sigh, I tried, but in the end, I never had a true disciple. When I die, my name and martial arts will be forgotten."
>
> "If you die, but I survive and escape this place, I'll find someone worthy and teach them your martial arts."
>
> "Do as you wish."

In the end, Master Maeng didn't escape the Blood Cult, but his martial arts remained with Baek Suryong. However, even though the Bandit King's Eighteen Strikes of the Viridian Forest was designed to be learned by anyone, it required a big, beefy physique like those of Ya Suhyeok and Geo Sangwoong to master it.

*I already knew about Ya Suhyeok, but Geo Sangwoong exceeds my expectations. If the Bandit King Maeng Ho'ak were alive, he would definitely have wanted to take these two as disciples. For others, the Eighteen Strikes of the Viridian Forest is merely a supporting martial art, but for these two, it's the world's best.*

With a hint of melancholy, Baek Suryong added, "If you learn martial arts from me, you'll become many times stronger than now."

"……" Geo Sangwoong crossed his arms, staying silent.

Ya Suhyeok gave Baek Suryong an uncertain look. "Honestly, I don't believe you..."

Even though Baek Suryong was taller than average, he was nothing compared to the giant Ya Suhyeok, so if Ya Suhyeok hadn't seen him block his punch earlier, he would have dismissed his claim.

Baek Suryong chuckled, "If you don't believe me, I'll show you. Step forward, Hyonwon Kang."

Hyonwon Kang, who had been standing awkwardly in the back, pointed at himself. "...Me?"

"Yes, you."

Nodding, Baek Suryong introduced Hyonwon Kang to Ya Suhyeok, "Hyonwon Kang learned outer arts from me for about a month. Now, I want you to spar with him without using any inner arts."

Baek Suryong had only taught Hyonwon Kang the basics of the Eighteen Strikes of the Viridian Forest. Despite this, Hyonwon Kang's physical abilities and flexibility had improved significantly.

Unaware of this, Ya Suhyeok reluctantly replied, "If we fight without inner arts, this senior will get hurt. I'll have to restrain myself, making it meaningless."

Initially, Hyonwon Kang stepped forward without thinking, but after hearing Ya Suhyeok's words, a vein bulged on his forehead. "...What did you just say, you little brat? Hey, freshman, what's your name?"

Hey, freshman, what's your name?"

Stomping towards Ya Suhyeok, Hyonwon Kang pressed his forehead against Ya Suhyeok's chest and shot him a vicious glare.

Baek Suryong couldn't help but grin in amusement. Hyonwon Kang was perfect for the villain role. *Pfft! Didn't he just say he's not a delinquent anymore? So much so for that!*

Circling behind Ya Suhyeok, Hyonwon Kang tapped his junior's butt mockingly. "Oi, big baby. Did you grow so big because you never weaned off mama's milk?"

"You bastard...!" Ya Suhyeok's face flushed red with anger.

Hyonwon Kang chuckled, rolling up his sleeves to reveal taut muscles. "Why? Think you can hit me with your baby fists?"

"Die!"

Ya Suhyeok swung his massive fist at Hyonwon Kang, who dodged it easily. Undeterred, he swung again and again, but Hyonwon Kang dodged each blow effortlessly. 

*This is nothing compared to the two monsters I face daily at the White Dragon Manor*, Hyonwon Kang thought, even as he taunted, "Yaaaaawn. Even a mosquito is faster than you."

Ya Suhyeok grit his teeth in frustration. "Damn it! Why can't I hit you!"

Ya Suhyeok tried to punch Hyonwon Kang again, but he missed and his swing went wide. Sensing an opportunity, Hyonwon Kang darted in close, grabbed Ya Suhyeok's head, jumped and kneed him in the face. 

Ya Suhyeok staggered back, blood streaming from his nose. "Raaagh!" he roared, flailing his fists wildly.

"Little baby, throwing a tantrum isn't going to solve your problems."

With just the basics of the Eighteen Strikes of the Viridian Forest, Hyonwon Kang easily overpowered Ya Suhyeok using outer arts. 

Moments later, Ya Suhyeok collapsed, exhausted and bruised. "Huff... huff..."

Hyonwon Kang grinned wickedly. "Teacher, what should we do with him? Should I just...*finish* him?"

BONK!

Whacking Hyonwon Kang's head with the Black Dragon Pointer, Baek Suryong scolded, "Stop talking like a thug."

"Oww..."

Baek Suryong clicked his tongue at Hyonwon Kang, then turned to Geo Sangwoong, whose face was stern. "What do you think? Interested in learning?"

Geo Sangwoong hesitated, then smiled and shook his head. "No, I'm not."

"Why?"

Geo Sangwoong's eyes wavered briefly. Realizing that he was doubting himself, he quickly composed himself and laughed heartily with a greasy smile, "I'm not interested in learning martial arts anymore. I want to enjoy life, eat well, and have fun."

Hearing this, Ya Suhyeok, who was still lying on the ground, lifted his head slightly and groaned, "Annoying rich kid..."

"Watch your mouth when you talk to a senior," Geo Sangwoong retorted, shaking his head. He then looked back at Baek Suryong, asking, "Is your goal to win the Heavenly Martial Festival? Is that why you're recruiting students?"

"Yes. I want to train capable individuals, and you're one of them."

For a second, Geo Sangwoong's expression froze, but he quickly waved it off and laughed, "It's good to have ambitious goals, even if they're impossible."

"Why is it impossible...?"

"I'll be on my way now." Geo Sangwoong bowed slightly and headed for the door.

"Wait."

Suddenly, Baek Suryong lunged at Geo Sangwoong and threw a punch. Geo Sangwoong reacted immediately, spinning around and blocking with his palm. 

CLANG!

The sound of metal clashing echoed as their fists and palms collided.

Geo Sangwoong glared at Baek Suryong ferociously, "What are you doing?"

Seeing the young man's expression, Baek Suryong withdrew his fist and smiled. "Nothing. You can go."

"Goodbye."

"We'll meet again."

There was no reply as Geo Sangwoong left the inn.

Hyonwon Kang sidled up to Baek Suryong and remarked, "Senior Sangwoong seems uninterested. He's gained more weight and doesn't seem to practice martial arts much..."

"He's lying."

"About what?"

Baek Suryong looked at his fist. His fist was red and throbbing. It would probably swell up soon. *I hit him quite seriously...*

"A guy who isn't interested in martial arts wouldn't have such tough palms." Baek Suryong said, watching Geo Sangwoong's retreating figure with a winner's smirk.

 
