---
layout: postSIMB
title: "Chapter 147: I Don't Want To See It"
comments: true
tags: [simb]
categories: [simb]
date: 2024-09-21 09:51:00 +0800
---

*Even with the introduction, this brat...* Baek Suryong maintained a smile, but inside, he was glaring daggers at Hyonwon Kang's back.

*The Handsome Playboy, master of seduction techniques and bedroom arts, seriously? We all agreed on the aliases beforehand, but did Wonkang really have to introduce me like that?*

Then again, it wasn't entirely Hyonwon Kang's fault. The other kids were just as much to blame. After all, a while back…

> "Given your looks, the only part you can play is a pervert, right? Everyone agrees?"
>
> "Still, 'pervert' is kind of harsh. We should at least tweak the wording."
>
> "What about Lustful Demon? Lascivious Spirit? Pleasure Fiend? Or perhaps… the King of Coitus?"
>
> "...Knock it off, you idiots."
>
> "H-How about the Lustful Hero? Oh, since he's handsome, we should add the word 'handsome' to it. Something like… the Handsome Playboy?"
>
> "Yeah, that works."
>
> "I like it."
>
> "Wiji Cheon, even you... Don't you realize I'm putting up with this nonsense for your sake...?"

Baek Suryong shook his head, shoving aside the unpleasant memories. They had come a long way, and if he wanted to enter the Valley of Evil, he'd have to embrace his role as the Handsome Playboy Baek Muryong.

Their first challenge was getting past the three gatekeepers standing before them.

"The Zhejiang Five Devils? Never heard of 'em... What about you guys?" Hell Axe asked, scratching his beard as he looked over at Wolf Fang Blade and Seclusion Training Freak.

The two men shook their heads.

Sizing up the Zhejiang Five Devils, Wolf Fang Blade chuckled, "Seems like they're just a bunch of country bumpkins."

Hyonwon Kang, playing the part of the Crazy Asura, furrowed his brow in annoyance as he sauntered forward. "Hey now, you called us country bumpkins? We're pretty famous back in Zhejiang. Do you have any idea how many people we've killed?"

"Oh yeah? How many, exactly?"

*...Does the exact number even matter?* Hyonwon Kang hesitated for a split second, but kept a sly grin, not showing any sign of being rattled. "Who can say? After I hit a hundred, I stopped keeping track. It got tedious."

"Hmm..." The gatekeepers of the Valley of Evil eyed the self-proclaimed Zhejiang Five Devils carefully.

Seclusion Training Freak, who had been silently observing from the back, finally said, "Well, their bodies look decent enough. They've definitely been training diligently, especially this Crazy Asura and Explosive Iron Fist who have remarkably well-developed builds."

Hell Axe and Wolf Fang Blade nodded in agreement.

"Usually, those with flashy nicknames turn out to be nobodies, but these guys don't seem like complete weaklings."

"Seems we won't need to kill them on the spot."

"We ought to at least put them to the test."

With a broad grin, Hell Axe stepped forward, saying, "Congratulations. You've just earned the right to take the test."

"Test?"

"Since you're newbies here, let me explain. There's only one rule to enter the Valley of Evil. Either you impress us and get our approval, or you kill one of us and force your way in."

Hell Axe flashed his yellowed teeth and brought down the massive axe he had been resting on his shoulder.

BOOM!

"……" Hyonwon Kang gawked at the monstrous slab of metal. Feeling a bit intimidated, he cautiously asked, "Has anyone ever actually killed a gatekeeper and gotten in?"

"The last one who succeeded was me, ten years ago. These two were already here then."

"......"

In other words, no one had defeated a gatekeeper in over a decade.

*Whether we can or not, killing them isn't an option,* Baek Suryong thought. If they took out a gatekeeper, they'd draw the attention of everyone in the Valley of Evil, making their mission that much harder.

Stepping forward, he said, "I've heard that being a powerful martial artist isn't the only way to get into the Valley of Evil."

Hell Axe grinned. "Yeah. As long as you show us a skill that impresses us, we'll consider it a pass. For example, you could sweet-talk us into letting you in, poison us, or if all else fails, just bribe us."

Even if martial arts weren't a villain's strong suit, entry into the Valley of Evil was still possible. In some ways, their mindset was more open than that of the orthodox sects.

"Then we'll each demonstrate our skills individually," Baek Suryong said, giving a nod to his students.

Ya Hyeoksu, the Explosive Iron Fist of the Zhejiang Five Devils, volunteered to go first, saying, "I'm pretty confident in my strength. Hey, you with the axe. How about an arm-wrestling match?"

"You talking to me?" Hell Axe raised an eyebrow. This kid wasn't even half his size, yet he was challenging him.

Ya Hyeoksu sneered, "You seem pretty strong. If I win, how about you let us pass?"

"Heh, bold little punk. Fine, step up here," Hell Axe chuckled, amused by the kid's audacity.

Before long, the two clasped hands over a broad tree stump between them, and their gazes locked, each immediately recognizing the other's formidable strength.

Hell Axe licked his lips. "Kid, since I accepted your challenge, I've got a condition of my own."

"And that is?"

"If I win, I'll chop off your arm right here and now. Still up for it?"

Ya Hyeoksu didn't flinch. Grinning and showing his white teeth, he replied, "If I lose, I'll cut it off myself and hand it to you."

"Hahaha! I like your spirit!"

With that, the match kicked off. Both men flexed their muscles at the same time, neither using any inner qi. It was a test of raw strength.

The outcome came quicker than anticipated.

CRACK!

A large dent appeared in the tree stump they were using for the match.

The Explosive Iron Fist Ya Hyeoksu stood up, smirking. "Looks like I won, huh?"

"Ugh..." Hell Axe staggered up, scowling as he inspected his arm. "Fuck, I think I might've broken something."

For a moment, Hell Axe's eyes flashed with murderous intent. Barely a moment later, however, he broke into a wide grin, as if he'd found a kindred spirit. 

"Alright. You pass. You can head in. Also... Kid, let's have a drink together when we meet inside," he said.

"You're paying, right?"

"Haha! Sure! It's on me!" Hell Axe laughed heartily, giving the Explosive Iron Fist a friendly slap on the back with his uninjured hand.

"I'll go next," Hyeok Wonkang, the Crazy Asura, announced next. Drawing his dao, he pointed it at Wolf Fang Blade, who stood there with arms crossed. "Hey, you with the dao. If I can last ten exchanges against you, will you let us through?"

"Ten exchanges?" Wolf Fang Blade snorted in disdain.

Hyeok Wonkang nodded earnestly, saying, "You're way stronger than me. I bet there aren't many in the Valley of Evil who could last ten exchanges with you. Am I right?"

The subtle compliment brought a faint smile to Wolf Fang Blade's face. Drawing his dao, a sly leer spreading across his face as he said, "Of course. Most of them can't even make me break a sweat in ten exchanges. Alright, this could be fun. Although ten exchanges is more than enough to turn you into mincemeat, if you're still alive after that, I'll let you pass."

"…I can smell the blood from here." Hyeok Wonkang winced at the sight of the weapon. Wolf Fang Blade's dao had serrated, tooth-like edges, meaning that even a slight cut would tear off chunks of flesh.

"You won't smell it for long. It'll be overpowered by the scent of your own blood," Wolf Fang Blade laughed wickedly, then lunged forward, swinging his blade.

CLANG! CLASH! SWOOSH!

"Ugh!" Hyeok Wonkang used all his might to block, dodge, and roll away, desperately trying to put some distance between them. Counterattacking didn't even cross his mind. As Baek Suryong had advised earlier, he focused solely on defense.

*There's no way I can win with my current abilities,* he thought, gritting his teeth. Wolf Fang Blade was so formidable that lasting a mere ten exchanges was a matter of life and death.

Still, as the fight wore on, he gradually began to notice a pattern in Wolf Fang Blade's techniques. Even in this brief period, he was improving.

Hyeok Wonkang muttered to himself, "Just a little bit more, and I'll be able to see..."

"What's with that look in your eyes?!" Wolf Fang Blade snapped, irritated that Hyeok Wonkang was beginning to anticipate his moves. Furrowing his brow, he swung his blade with full force.

CLANG!

Hyeok Wonkang's dao was knocked upward, exposing his chest. Seizing the moment, Wolf Fang Blade lunged forward.

Despair filled Hyeok Wonkang's eyes, while excitement lit up Wolf Fang Blade's.

"Stop," Seclusion Training Freak suddenly interjected.

Wolf Fang Blade halted mid-strike. Irritated, he turned to the interrupter and asked, "Why did you tell me to stop?"

"It's been over ten exchanges. The kid passed," Seclusion Training Freak explained, glaring icily at Wolf Fang Blade.

Wolf Fang Blade grumbled under his breath, but sheathed his sword as instructed. It was now clear who was in charge among the three gatekeepers.

Turning back to Hyeok Wonkang, Wolf Fang Blade asked, "Kid, what's the name of your blade technique?"

"Why do you care?"

"Oh? You'd better hope we don't meet inside."

"......"

"Hey, are you ignoring me? You little punk!"

Hyeok Wonkang didn't respond, too preoccupied replaying the fight in his mind to hear anything else.

Watching from the sidelines, Baek Suryong sighed in relief. *With this, both Ya Suhyeok and Hyonwon Kang have passed the test. So far, everything's going according to plan.*

The intel he'd received from the White-Haired Demon about the gatekeepers' personalities had been invaluable.

*Now, only Yeo Min and Wiji Cheon remain.*

Baek Suryong shot Yeo Min a glance, bidding her go next.

As requested, Yeo Min stepped forward. She was dressed as a man, her tall and slender frame making the disguise rather convincing. In a deepened voice, she introduced herself, "I am the Cold-Blooded Flying Devil, Yeo Gok. My specialty is movement arts."

"I'll take this one," Seclusion Training Freak offered. He bent down, picked up a few stones from the ground, and said to Yeo Gok, "I'll throw ten stones. As long as you dodge them all while staying within a radius of ten paces, I'll let you pass."

"Sounds fair."

WHOOSH!

A stone suddenly whizzed past Yeo Gok's cheek, barely grazing her skin.

"!!" Startled, Yeo Gok stared at Seclusion Training Freak, eyes wide.

Seclusion Training Freak smirked. "That was just a greeting. From now on, if you get hit, you'll end up dead or crippled. Do your best to stay alive!"

Yeo Gok swallowed hard and narrowed her eyes in concentration. "...Fine. Let's begin."

Seeing her focus, Seclusion Training Freak chuckled and started throwing the stones. Each one flew faster than most hidden weapons, but Yeo Gok used her movement arts to dodge. However, as time went on, she found herself cornered. Her clothes were torn, and the stones grazed perilously close to her.

At some point, Yeo Gok unconsciously began emulating the Snow Shadow Steps technique Baek Suryong had taught her.

Seclusion Training Freak's blue eyes flashed eerily. "Impressive. You're making me actually want to hit you now."

Muttering under his breath, he pulled a small dagger from his sleeve instead of another stone. The blade quivered slightly in his hand, humming with blue sword energy as he aimed it straight at Yeo Gok's heart.

"If you can dodge this as well..."

"That's enough, don't you think? You've already thrown more than ten," a cold voice interrupted from the side.

Seclusion Training Freak turned to face the speaker, only to find the Big Brother of the Zhejiang Five Devils, the so-called Handsome Playboy, staring at him impassively.

"...Seems I got a bit carried away," Seclusion Training Freak chuckled, lowering the dagger. "Fine. He passes too."

Yeo Gok collapsed to the ground, her legs giving out. 

Seclusion Training Freak glanced at her briefly, then turned back to Baek Suryong. "You're the Handsome Playboy, right? Is it your turn now?"

"Nope. I'm last," he said, stepping aside to reveal the pale-faced Wiji Cheon.

Wiji Cheon stuttered, "I-I am the Rakshasa Sword Demon. This time, you... No, I mean, I will..."

Seclusion Training Freak clicked his tongue at Wiji Cheon's pale complexion and blue lips. "You don't look so good."

"I've heard there's a skilled physician here called the Demon Doctor, and I'd like to get this kid treated. Does he truly live here?"

Seclusion Training Freak nodded, but his reply wasn't particularly encouraging, "The Demon Doctor indeed lives here, but whether he treats your friend or not depends on his mood."

"I see. Well, as long as he's there, that's good enough."

"That's what they all say," Seclusion Training Freak chuckled softly, then turned back to Wiji Cheon. "So, what are you going to show us?"

"I'll demonstrate my swordsmanship."

"Just a demonstration? Not a duel?"

"...If you like my swordsmanship, please let me in."

Seclusion Training Freak nodded and stepped back to give Wiji Cheon some space. 

"Hoo..." Wiji Cheon exhaled deeply, closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them halfway.  He slowly raised his sword, his hands trembling slightly, then with a smooth, deliberate motion, he swung it downward.

SWOOSH!

The single slash cut through the air, leaving a stinging silence in its wake. For a long time, no one spoke, and all three gatekeepers stared at Wiji Cheon, seemingly dazed.

After a long, heavy pause, they spoke almost simultaneously.

"You pass."

"...Pass."

"Go ahead inside."

It was unanimous.

*I knew that would do the trick.* Baek Suryong grinned. Despite being criminals, the gatekeepers were exceptional martial artists. After witnessing Wiji Cheon's talent that even the White-Haired Demon coveted, it was impossible for them not to be impressed.

*Now, only I remain.*

All of his students had passed, and it would be embarrassing if he failed now. Still, he had no doubt that he would succeed, no matter what the test. One didn't deserve to be a martial arts instructor without at least that much confidence.

Baek Suryong stepped forward, saying with flair, "For the final test, I will..."

"You pass," Seclusion Training Freak interrupted.

"What?"

"I said, you pass."

"Why? I had something prepared too."

"I don't want to see it."

Baek Suryong blinked in confusion, but Seclusion Training Freak took a step back, his expression becoming wary.

"You're the Handsome Playboy, right? Your specialty is seductive techniques and bedroom arts?" he asked cautiously.

"...Yes. Why?"

Seclusion Training Freak's face grew stern. "We're not interested in seeing your... um, *skills* in that domain," he declared firmly.

"...Who said I was going to show you that?"

For a moment, Baek Suryong seriously contemplated killing them all on the spot.

