---
layout: postFBC
title: "Chapter 2: Jeong Yeonsin (2)"
comments: true
tags: [fbc]
categories: [fbc]
date: 2024-06-23 22:09:00 +0800
---

*What?* Jeong Yeonsin quickly lowered his head again. He did not know why the elf elder was staring at him, but it was probably just a coincidence. 

*The Zhongnan Sect masters won't be demonstrating their martial arts, so I'll just have to be satisfied with observing their auras.*

The auras of the martial artists from the Zhongnan Mountains, the birthplace of Taoism, was distinctly different from that of the martial artists of the secular Jeong Family. The subtle prowess of their inner qi made Jeong Yeonsin feel as if a refreshing breeze was touching his skin.

"Raise your heads. I didn't come here to be gawked at," Yeo Ilsin laughed. 

As if on cue, everyone rose to their feet and straightened their postures.

Wiping the sweat from his brow, Jeong Daemyung said, "I sincerely apologize. Even though I know that you've traveled a long way, I kept you outside for so long. Please, allow me to guide you in."

Jeong Daemyung led the Zhongnan Sect masters into the house. However, as Yeo Ilsin walked past the crowd, she gave Jeong Yeonsin another curious glance.

"Hey, did she just look at me?"

"No way, it was me she was looking at, obviously."

Hearing his siblings' whispers, Jeong Yeonsin snorted. Why did it matter who the esteemed elder of the Zhongnan Sect looked at? It's not like they would take on a new disciple. 

Jeong Yeonsin turned and headed straight for the training ground, deep in thought. *The Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method can't be improved anymore. What should I work on next?*

Facing the prowess of the Zhongnan Sect masters had broadened his worldview and fueled his ambition. Achieving complete mastery in one form of martial arts was not enough for him now, he needed more.

*The sword... should I start training in the sword now? What would it feel like to taste the pinnacle of true swordsmanship?* 

With light steps, he recalled the Jeong Style Divine Sword techniques he had seen as a child and mentally dissected each one as he made his way to the training grounds.

aggAnnoy18

{sep}

Though the household was bustling, the training ground where a single boy stood was the epitome of stillness. 

Raising his sword to his torso, Jeong Yeonsin calmed his breathing. With each inhalation, his body revealed in the oxygen, and with each exhalation, he dispelled all his worries.

Soon, he entered a deep trance and became one with the sword. It was time to begin.

*The Jeong Style Divine Sword, Soaring Grace (氣華溢翎式).*

The Jeong Style Divine Sword was a solemn and powerful sword technique that was made up of three stances and twenty-one forms. Despite being a superficial derivative of the Zhongnan Sword Style, it still carried some of the distinct traits of Taoist martial arts.

aggAnnoy06

Unfortunately, the trait it inherited was only majesty. It lacked the complexity and mystique of the real thing.

It was unnatural, like a worldly swordsman imitating a religious zealot. 

*What do secular swordsmen seek? Wealth and fame. Anyone who stands in their way is cut down in as simple a manner as possible. Therefore, their techniques require no depth.*

*So what does a sword technique lacking depth need?* 

*The answer is speed.* 

Jeong Yeonsin's instincts told him that his sword needed to be swift.

WHOOSH! 

The sword's momentum changed; the heavy swings became lighter. At the same time, the qi of the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method surged through Jeong Yeonsin's meridians, causing his muscles to contract.

As the idea of "swiftness" was incorporated into the existing technique, the path of the sword changed.

SWISH! 

The iron sword sliced through the night air, startling the birds with its whistle. It was a completely new sword style, different from any in the Jeong Style Divine Sword.

"Hoo…" Jeong Yeonsin exhaled deeply, filled with a sense of accomplishment, then looked down at his sword hand.

When he started training, he had held the grip tightly with all five fingers, but now his thumb and index finger were relaxed. 

aggAnnoy15

"So this is speed." 

This was a first for him. Unlike the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method, which was meticulously refined over a long period of time, he had grasped the essence of the swift sword after observing and being inspired by the Zhongnan Sect masters.

"Damn, this is fun."

He practiced the swift sword[^1] a few more times, then looked up. The sky was dark as ink, with no stars or moon, perhaps covered by clouds.

*If I want to do physical training at dawn, I should sleep now.*

Smiling contentedly, Jeong Yeonsin went to his room. Thanks to the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method, he hadn't sweated a drop. Feeling no need to wash up, he quickly fell asleep.

{sep}

Jeong Yeonsin woke early, finished his morning training, then headed straight to the breakfast hall. Normally, he ate alone, sending a servant to fetch his meal, but today was different. 

The Patriarch would certainly dine with the Zhongnan masters, and since he had no idea how long they would be staying at the estate, he needed to seize every opportunity to observe them.

*A bit of boldness won't hurt.*

Just witnessing their noble aura had given him inspiration.

Having tasted the sweetness of success, Jeong Yeonsin uncharacteristically and shamelessly joined the family for breakfast. Ignoring their surprised stares, he focused his attention on the Zhongnan Sect masters sitting at the head of the table.

aggAnnoy02

"Ahem. Come, sit down," Patriarch Jeong Daemyung said with a cough, finding it difficult to scold his son in front of the renowned martial artists.

*Perfect. This is exactly what I was aiming for.*

The meal began. Trying to be discreet, Jeong Yeonsin frequently stole glances at Yeo Ilsin and the other Zhongnan masters.

What kind of training did it take to obtain such a serene aura? Human auras varied with emotions, but the Taoists' presence was as pure as the essence of the Zhongnan Mountains. He was curious.

Suddenly, he caught Elder Yeo Ilsin's eye, and she smiled gently, saying, "Your son has very clear eyes, Patriarch. He seems very intelligent."

Panicking, Jeong Daemyung stammered even as he glared at Jeong Yeonsin, "Oh...! I am truly sorry. My third son still lacks discipline..." 

aggAnnoy08

Despite the commotion, Jeong Yeonsin bowed his head slightly and started eating his vegetables. Strangely, he found Yeo Ilsin's subtle smile more daunting than his father's overt frown. 

*Something's different. Is this the qi of a supreme master? It's not just pure, it's profound.*

He had never seen such a natural manifestation of inner energy, powerful even when unseen. His understanding of the limits of how powerful one's inner arts could be was shattered.

*The Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method isn't perfect yet. It can evolve further.*

Jeong Yeonsin's hand paused, holding a vegetable halfway to his mouth. He had glimpsed the beginning of a new martial art.

Until now, he had only tempered his body with the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method. With no one to teach him, he had been completely blind to what came next.

*The body is a vessel. To have such an aura, I must fill it with qi.*

What he had done before wasn't wrong, but it was just a start. By focusing only on physical conditioning, he had strengthened his meridians and laid a solid foundation for future martial arts.

Now, it was time to cultivate his qi. 

*Quality over quantity. First, refine the vessel, then fill it.*

Jeong Yeonsin had a revelation of a fundamental yet profound principle. The Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method could be further developed.

aggAnnoy10

*This time, with a focus on inner arts.*

He hummed a tune inwardly as flashes of inspiration struck him like lightning. Numerous methods for absorbing the energy of heaven and earth intertwined in his mind. 

*What should I call the next stage of the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method?*

For a brief moment, the boy's eyes glowed blue, but only Yeo Ilsin witnessed it. 

A look of wonder crossed her ethereally beautiful face.

{sep}

"It's a better place than I thought."

"Indeed. With such rich earth energy, it's no wonder the Tyrant Sword Sect covets it."

aggAnnoy10

Yeo Ilsin and her two disciples, who were assisting her, sat in a guest room provided by the Jeong Family Patriarch's manor, sipping tea. The room, tidily arranged and infused with a delicate tea aroma, reflected their status as martial artists of the Nine Sects.

"They will undoubtedly come here. Our counterattack plan sounds good, but... it seems this family will be the one to suffer," Yeo Ilsin remarked.

"As long as we remain on high alert, we can prevent that."

"Can't we strike them down before they even cross the wall?"

Seeing the confidence on the faces of the disciples in their thirties, Yeo Ilsin chose not to say more. They were, after all, the elite of the Nine Sects. Their confidence was not unfounded.

Changing the topic, she asked, "What do you think of the second son?"

aggAnnoy16

"I'm not sure."

"Me neither…"

*So they think nothing of him. I agree.* Having lived over two hundred years, Yeo Ilsin could often gauge a person's character and potential from their demeanor and actions. To her, the Jeong Family Patriarch's second son was unremarkable.

"Rather, it was the third son who caught my eye."

"Same here."

"Even by my standards, he doesn't seem ordinary. In the future, he might become a swordmaster and bring renown to his family. However, if he becomes an official disciple, he won't be able to succeed his family, so perhaps the Patriarch is deliberately sending the second son," Yeo Ilsin speculated with near certainty.

aggAnnoy16

The two disciples' eyes widened in surprise.

"Is he that exceptional?"

"Perhaps we should consider taking in the third son instead..."

"That's against the rules. The main sect has already decided who we will accept as a disciple. Even if we could overturn that decision now, the Jeong Family Patriarch wouldn't accept it, and it would undermine the integrity of our sect," Yeo Ilsin chided.

The two disciples immediately hung their heads, reflecting on their rash words. 

Yeo Ilsin tapped the table with her long fingers. *The third son is indeed a peculiar child.*

There was a strange quality about him. It wasn't the type of talent praised as "beloved by nature" among elves. If it were, Yeo Ilsin would have seen elemental power encircling the boy. It was something different.

aggAnnoy06

*His presence stands out distinctly, like a burst of color in a monochromatic landscape.*

All masters of internal arts, including herself, communed with the heavens. The qi that flowed through the Baihui acupoint on the crown of her head was so profound that it sometimes granted her powers akin to foresight. For Yeo Ilsin to feel this much unease, the boy was certainly extraordinary. 

Nevertheless, now was not the time to dwell on such things.

"The Tyrant Sword Sect is a formidable enemy. Sharpen your sword qi and stay vigilant."

{sep}

After breakfast, Jeong Yeonsin received a visit from the chamberlain. Judging by the dignified man's troubled expression, he could guess the reason for the visit.

"Hey, Chamberlain. Why does everyone hate me so much? I've never done anything to offend them. I don't get it. I really don't."

"Third Young Master…"

"Is it because my mother died giving birth to me? Is that why I'm not allowed to meet the family's esteemed guests?"

"That is the will of the Manor Master," the chamberlain replied, looking strained. 

Jeong Yeonsin fell silent. The chamberlain was a good man, but as a servant, he had no real authority. His role was solely to carry out the commands of Jeong Daemyung, the Manor Master and Jeong Family Patriarch, and to manage the household matters.

aggAnnoy09

At such times, he wondered if his maternal family, whom he had never met, would be any better. Sadly, the Patriarch never allowed him to visit them because they were much more powerful than the Jeong Family. 

Not like they had ever sought him out since his mother's death, anyway.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have taken it out on you," Jeong Yeonsin said. 

A flash of pity crossed the chamberlain's face. "...Young Master, I've heard the training yard is lacking in equipment. I'll make sure it's restocked."

"Thank you."

When the chamberlain left, Jeong Yeonsin felt a pang of self-reproach. Whenever he encountered the masters of the Zhongnan Sect, he felt inspired, causing him to show a level of eager impatience that was uncharacteristic of him.

*I was too rash. Regardless, I should make do with what I have for now and focus on my inner arts training.*

He calmed his mind and controlled his breathing according to the principles of the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method.

[^1]: Swift sword: Not an actual technique but a style of using the sword, similar to the "swift stance", "power stance", and "defensive stance" you see in action games.
