---
layout: postSIMB
title: "Chapter 120: The Blood Cult's Modus Operandi (5)"
comments: true
tags: [simb]
categories: [simb]
date: 2024-08-12 22:25:00 +0800
---

"I've told you everything I know..." the Smiling Grim Reaper muttered. His face was blank, his eyes unfocused, and white froth bubbled at the corners of his mouth.

Baek Suryong watched him in silence, thoughts flickering across his mind. *If I leave him like this, he'll become a vegetable.* However, not a single shred of pity stirred within him.

After all, the Smiling Grim Reaper had confessed to a litany of horrors: under orders from the Blood Cult, he had kidnapped countless children and even wiped out an entire village of farmers, all in the name of collecting samples for demonic arts experiments.

It was definitely for the best that the man was now completely deranged.

Beaming, the Smiling Grim Reaper bent down, licked Baek Suryong's shoes, and babbled, "Oh Supreme Lord, let me lead your conquest of the murim. I'll gladly be your sword, slaughtering all your enemies and offering their still-beating hearts to you..."

Baek Suryong looked down at the madman's bowed head expressionlessly. *The Blood Cult... Their martial skills have declined, but to quickly amass power, they're making up for it with secrecy and cruelty, recklessly reviving and spreading the once forbidden demonic arts. Damn it, their resurgence might come sooner than I anticipated.*

Thinking what he'd missed, he asked, "Earlier, you mentioned that your direct superior was the Blood Dragon? The same guy who implanted the Soul Reaping Demonic Art in Geo Sangwoong and aimed to take over the Golden Dragon Trading Company?"

"Yes, that's correct…"

"Tell me more about him."

The Smiling Grim Reaper, still lost in his own madness, replied eagerly, "The Blood Dragon is a joint disciple of all the elders. He is a prodigy not only highly regarded within the cult, but is expected to become one of the top ten martial artists in the world eventually. Publicly, he's known as the Fist Tyrant, Choi Il, and is currently a fourth year student at the Heavenly Martial Academy. Last year, at the Heavenly Martial Festival, he showcased his exceptional skills and sharp mind in the Dragon and Phoenix Tournament, ranking among the best..."

*The Fist Tyrant, Choi Il...* Baek Suryong made a mental note of the name. Meeting the Blood Dragon immediately would be difficult, but Baek Suryong intended to confront him when the opportunity arose, likely at the next Heavenly Martial Festival.

And it wouldn't be just to talk.

aggAnnoy08

"That's all I know…" the Smiling Grim Reaper muttered.

"You don't seem to know much."

"I have not been granted access to much information about the main cult..."

"Of course. Given your skills, I'm not surprised you're just a disposable pawn. In fact, it would be weirder if you knew more. This is enough."

Baek Suryong raised his hand and brought it down sharply, aiming a knifehand strike at the back of the lunatic's neck.

Watching Baek Suryong's hand descend out of the corner of his eye, the Smiling Grim Reaper grinned and screamed in twisted ecstasy, "Hail the Blood Demon! In blood shall we reign supreme...!"

aggAnnoy06

THUD!

The Smiling Grim Reaper's body crumpled to the ground, lifeless.

"That's the phrase I hate the most," Baek Suryong murmured to himself, removing the qi sound barrier that had been blocking out the surrounding noise. 

Despite his aversion to being treated as the Blood Demon, he had gained valuable information about the Blood Cult. According to the Smiling Grim Reaper, there were documents in the gambling den that could serve as incriminating evidence, and he planned to retrieve them before the day was out.

"But before that…"

Seeing Golden Dragon Chairman Geo Ilsan approaching from afar, flanked by his bodyguards, Baek Suryong pulled his half torn mask back over his face. Though damaged, it was still adequate enough to conceal his identity.

"Is everything finished?" Geo Ilsan asked, his eyes gleaming with interest.

Sensing an opportunity, Baek Suryong decided that a brief conversation with the merchant was in order before he departed.

{sep}

After dismissing the guards, Geo Ilsan sat across from Baek Suryong in his private quarters. 

Wearing a serious expression on his face, he began, "By saving my son and averting disaster for my family, you've done me a favor I can never repay, not in a lifetime."

aggAnnoy18

"I only did what was necessary," Baek Suryong replied calmly. Although he had indeed helped Geo Sangwoong recover from his depression and assisted the Golden Dragon Trading Company, he had also gained much in the process.

*Just the information about the Blood Cult is enough to make all my efforts worthwhile.*

On top of that, he had earned the favor of Geo Ilsan, the head of one of the top ten corporations in the world. After today, whenever he called, Geo Ilsan would surely come running. This was not something that just anyone could achieve.

Looking Geo Ilsan in the eye, Baek Suryong said sternly, "Chairman, I would prefer if this matter remained between us."

Geo Ilsan nodded solemnly. Baek Suryong hadn't explicitly mentioned the Blood Cult to him, but both of them knew that a man of Geo Ilsan's caliber could easily uncover the truth if he tried.

aggAnnoy15

"…And I would also appreciate it if my name isn't mentioned in connection with this incident," Baek Suryong added.

"Of course, Mr. Baek. I may be a businessman, but I understand honor and integrity. I'll make sure my guards keep their mouths shut, so you needn't worry. I'll handle everything within the company."

Baek Suryong sighed in relief. With such a firm promise, there seemed to be little risk of the story leaking out. *While it's inevitable that our paths will eventually cross, I intend to keep my existence a secret from the Blood Cult for as long as possible.*

He decided to turn his attention to another matter. "Also, about my earlier request..."

"Here you go," Geo Ilsan replied, pulling something from his pocket and handing it to Baek Suryong. 

It was the letter that the Smiling Reaper had tied to a messenger pigeon for delivery to the Blood Cult's headquarters.

Geo Ilsan smiled proudly, saying, "I mobilized all the falconers in the city to catch the pigeon you mentioned."

The Blood Cult had always used specially trained messenger pigeons for long-distance communication. Knowing this, Baek Suryong had asked Geo Ilsan to help find and intercept the pigeon to prevent the letter intended for the Blood Dragon from ever reaching him.

aggAnnoy10

"As you can see, I haven't opened it, so you needn't worry about a leak."

"Thank you. May I read it here?"

"Of course."

While Baek Suryong read the letter, Geo Ilsan calmly sipped his tea, patiently waiting for Baek Suryong to finish reading.

After a while, when Baek Suryong finally set the letter down, he said, " Mr. Baek, I am a businessman."

"I know."

"In addition to repaying my debt, I would like to make a personal investment in you in my capacity as Chairman of the Golden Dragon Trading Company."

"…A personal investment?" Baek Suryong furrowed his brow.

Geo Ilsan smiled kindly. "It's an investment based on my confidence in my ability to judge a person's character. I hope that one day, you'll become a strong ally of the Golden Dragon Trading Company."

"……"

"If there's anything you want, just ask. Wealth, elixirs, a treasured sword—anything money can buy, I will get for you."

Given the Golden Dragon Trading Company's wealth, there was little they couldn't get their hands on. It was an offer that anyone would be tempted to accept. Yet, as Baek Suryong listened, he felt surprisingly indifferent.

*Right now, I'm not short of money. As for a sword, Moon Shadow will do for now, and some day that old man will forge something even greater than the Blood Demon Sword. At the moment, I don't need any elixirs either. In my current situation, what I need most urgently is...improving my martial arts.*

aggAnnoy18

Baek Suryong did not think about learning new techniques. He already knew five supreme martial arts, all of which were difficult to master. The problem was that although he had gained confidence in his martial arts, he had also felt a lingering sense of incompleteness while dealing with the Ghost Blood Unit's ghouls.

*I need to take the next step toward mastering the Heaven Defying Divine Art.*

Even though he had already reached the intermediate level of the Heaven Defying Divine Art, due to his rare constitution, the Heavenly Yin Severed Meridians, he needed a special method for further progress, and that method required the aid of the world's best physician.

"Chairman, do you know where the Divine Physician resides?"

"The Divine Physician…" Geo Ilsan, who had been brimming with confidence moments before, sank into deep thought. After a long pause, he said vaguely, "He's an elusive figure, so I'm not aware of his whereabouts. I doubt even the Beggars' Sect or the Rogues' Guild knows."

"I see." Baek Suryong nodded his head. As he had received a similar response when he asked Gongson Su before, he wasn't disappointed by Geo Ilsan's answer.

> "The Divine Physician, you say? I was treated by him purely by chance. His Majesty the Emperor had to almost beg him to examine me."

Gongson Su admitted that even he had no way of locating the Divine Physician, who was, after all, among the top ten martial artists in the world.

Geo Ilsan spoke with a somber expression, "I'll mobilize all my connections to find him. As soon as I hear anything, I'll inform you. But beyond that, I'm afraid I can't offer much help…"

"That's more than enough."

Even if the Divine Physician were found, there was no guarantee he would help.

*I can overcome the Heavenly Yin Severed Meridians on my own, but...it's risky and time-consuming. Since the Blood Cult might resurrect any day now, I doubt I have that kind of time.*

In other words, that meant the Divine Physician's help was indispensable for cementing his path to complete mastery of the Heaven Defying Divine Art.

"Is there anything else you need?"

aggAnnoy08

"Nothing specific…" Baek Suryong began, about to decline, when something suddenly came to mind. "Chairman, have you heard of the White Dragon Conglomerate?"

Geo Ilsan thought for a moment, but shook his head. "I can't say that I have."

*Well, I guess the White Dragon Conglomerate isn't well-known yet,* Baek Suryong mused, then explained, "It's a newly established company. Currently, they only manage inns, restaurants, and a few brothels, but they plan to expand into commerce and set up an escort agency soon."

While Baek Suryong had been working as an instructor at the Azure Dragon Academy, Bok Manchun had been busy growing his wealth.

*Receiving money from people is nice, but building my own fortune is better. If the Golden Dragon Trading Company were to support the White Dragon Conglomerate, I would be able to expand it much faster.*

"The White Dragon Conglomerate is a company I've personally invested in. Would it be possible for you to prioritize outsourcing any surplus work from the Golden Dragon Trading Company to them?"

A trading company as large as the Golden Dragon couldn't handle all of its tasks internally. Instead, it often outsourced its work to smaller companies, and ensuring that its contracts were given priority would be a huge boon to the newly formed White Dragon Conglomerate.

Geo Ilsan readily agreed, "That's not a difficult request. I'll do that."

"Thank you."

Baek Suryong smiled, imagining how delighted Bok Manchun would be when he heard the news.

{sep}

That same day, in the dead of night, Baek Suryong arrived at the Smiling Grim Reaper's gambling den.

aggAnnoy06

"Who's there…?"

SWOOSH! THUD! CRASH!

One by one, the martial artists of the Ghost Blood Unit who stayed behind to guard the den fell, never even catching a glimpse of their attacker. If even the elite ghouls of the Ghost Blood Unit were no match for Baek Suryong, the guards left at the gambling den definitely stood no chance against him.

"S-Spare me, my lord!" Yang Jin cried.

He was one of those left behind, and Baek Suryong had deliberately spared him.

Having abandoned all resistance, Yang Jin knelt before Baek Suryong, pleading, "I'll do anything if you spare me. Please…"

As Baek Suryong was wearing a mask, Yang Jin hadn't recognized him.

aggAnnoy12

In a distorted voice, Baek Suryong commanded, "Go to the Golden Dragon Trading Company. They'll assign you work there. If you try to escape… I don't need to say more, do I?"

"Y-Yes! Thank you for sparing me."

"Wait…"

Baek Suryong struck Yang Jin's chest with the palm of his hand, instantly dispersing the demonic qi of the Soul Reaping Demonic Art in his body.

"Now go."

Yang Jin screamed and fled, and Baek Suryong watched his retreating figure for a moment. With the escort assigned by the Golden Dragon Trading Company following him, even if Yang Jin tried to escape, he would eventually be caught and dragged to the company.

*I'll let him live for now, but since he's done nothing good, I'll use him as bait for the Blood Cult, particularly the Blood Dragon. As the cult's only remaining link to Nanchang, I'm sure he'll be the first one they'll contact.*

Baek Suryong had already instructed Geo Ilsan to keep a close watch on Yang Jin. Two years ago, along with Geo Sangwoong, Yang Jin had fallen prey to the Soul Reaping Demonic Art, ruining his life and making him a pawn of the Blood Cult. However, since he was nothing like the bloodthirsty Ghost Blood Unit, it was fine to keep him alive and use him for now.

When Yang Jin disappeared over the horizon, Baek Suryong took off his mask and surveyed the gambling den closely.

"The place where the ledger is hidden…"

Soon, he noticed a section of the wall that was misaligned, and his eyes lit up with excitement.

"Found it."

Feeling around the crack, Baek Suryong discovered a small hole in the wall. He then scoured the room for a sharp tool, inserted it into the hole, and yanked it sideways like a lever.

aggAnnoy10

CREAK...

The wall slid open, revealing a hidden vault.

Baek Suryong grinned. "Good work, me."

Although he wasn't as skilled as Jaegal Soyeong, an expert in formations and traps, he was quite knowledgeable about mechanical devices.

Inside the vault, documents and ledgers belonging to the Blood Cult were arranged in neat stacks.

"Let's see…"

Baek Suryong quickly scanned through a thick ledger that contained the names of the Blood Cult's spies.

"Wow, how did they plant so many moles in the Murim Alliance, clans, trading companies, martial arts academies, and all these other places?"

Clicking his tongue, Baek Suryong's gaze suddenly fell upon a certain familiar name.

A smile slowly crept across his lips.

"I knew it."

There, written in bold characters, was the name: Pung Jinho.

