---
layout: postFBC
title: "Chapter 7: Recognition (4)"
comments: true
tags: [fbc]
categories: [fbc]
date: 2024-06-23 22:14:00 +0800
---

As Jeong Yeonsin's defeated opponent was dragged away, the stage was set for the second and final duel.

*There are indeed many monsters in this world.* Jeong Yeonsin studied the figure before him, thinking the strikingly handsome young man across from him was destined to become an ultimate martial master like the Tyrant Sword Sect Leader someday.

The young man, dressed in pristine white and about twenty years old, had a sharp jawline that resembled the blade of a treasured sword. His pitch-black eyes reflected the determination and honor of a swordsman, while his flawless skin and high nose bridge bestowed an air of nobility.

*The White Kirin Namgung Hwasin. It can only be him.* 

"I wonder who will try to recruit him. The captains are sure to vie for him."

"Doesn't he seem stronger than us? As expected of someone from the Namgung Clan."

"Are we going to witness the Namgung Clan's Unending Heavenly Sword today?"

"Rumors about his deeds have spread across several provinces. That is no small feat."

"Indeed, he lives up to his reputation."

Even as the veteran warriors of the Desolate Fortress showered Namgung Hwasin with praise, the candidates waiting for their turn, whether from the orthodox or the unorthodox, cast pitying looks at Jeong Yeonsin. Namgung Hwasin's aura was so dense that it was almost tangible, evidence that he had honed his inner qi over years of training, though it was possible that he had also consumed elixirs to supplement his cultivation.

Jeong Yeonsin easily accepted this fact. *I am physically superior, but that's about it for now. Still… I don't think he's a peak I can't eventually surmount.*

Namgung Hwasin approached Jeong Yeonsin. As was customary, he stopped within five paces of his opponent. "I am Namgung Hwasin of the Namgung Clan, and I specialize in the Unending Heavenly Sword and the Boundless Steps. I look forward to our duel," he greeted politely, embodying the inviolable nobility of the scion of a prestigious family.

With a slight bow, Jeong Yeonsin replied, "I come from the Henan Jeong Family, where I trained in the Jeong Family Physical Conditioning Method.

Namgung Hwasin returned the gesture and drew his sword with a clear ring, filling the crisp morning air with the dazzling brilliance of his blade. 

*He really is amazing*, Jeong Yeonsin thought. Drawing and sheathing were traditional measures of a swordsman's skill, and Namgung Hwasin's swift, elegant flourish was nothing short of beautiful.

Despite this, he kept his own sword sheathed and gathered his qi. The only way he stood a chance against a prodigy like Namgung Hwasin was by being unpredictable and aiming for a critical strike at an unexpected moment.

"Begin," the referee announced.

CRACK!

Jeong Yeonsin's sword snapped in half. He slowly lowered his arm, looking at the broken remains of his sword.

"What happened…?"

"What was that?"

"Did the boy lose?"

"What a fearsome quickdraw by the White Kirin!"

Immediately, the candidates on both sides of the field began to murmur in confusion. In contrast, the Desolate Fortress warriors remained eerily silent, their stern gazes fixed on Jeong Yeonsin. 

Lowering his sword, Namgung Hwasin declared, "I have lost."

None of the Desolate Fortress warriors disputed the result. Instead, they recognized Jeong Yeonsin's skill and commended him.

"Did he say his name was Jeong Yeonsin? A fearsome quickdraw indeed."

"Hasn't Namgung Hwasin only just come of age?"

"And that boy looks at least five years younger than him."

"It seems a hidden dragon from Henan has emerged. I can't believe he's that skilled at his age."

"He hasn't learned to infuse his sword with qi yet. Shall I teach him?"

All the warriors' attention immediately focused on the last speaker.

"Oi, Extermination Squad. Do not act rashly. He's ours."

"Who are you to decide that? Better he come to us than rot in Devil's Wings."

"Enough," the referee intervened.

To Jeong Yeonsin's surprise, the bickering warriors promptly shut their mouths. He had thought the referee would be the person at the bottom of the pecking order, but that didn't seem to be the case.

*The superior is the one in charge of the exam? So this is the nature of Desolate Fortress.*

"Namgung Hwasin, prepare for the next duel. And you, you said you're Jeong Yeonsin of Xinye?"

"Yes."

"Proceed north and wait in the garden over there."

"Understood." Jeong Yeonsin bowed courteously to Namgung Hwasin, "Let's have another match sometime."

"…That's my line. Until next time." Namgung Hwasin smiled, his expression unexpectedly devoid of negative emotions, only curiosity and joy.

*He's on a different level compared to my siblings.*

The moment the duel began, Jeong Yeonsin had unleashed a decisive strike, knowing he couldn't afford a prolonged battle. 

Unfortunately, Namgung Hwasin was prepared for him. With a sword infused with qi, he blocked Jeong Yeonsin's lightning quick slash with all his might… and Jeong Yeonsin's sword snapped in half.

Collecting the fragments of his sword, Jeong Yeonsin walked northward, deep in thought.

*I was too impatient and struck out recklessly. Yet… it was Namgung Hwasin who conceded defeat. Maybe he felt that he failed to react in time? Regardless, life at the Desolate Fortress seems much better than in the Jeong Family.*

{sep}

*The fruit of the World Tree. I have to eat it. I can't die just yet. I need to improve myself.*

Everyone in the pavilion, where those who passed the Desolate Exam gathered, stared at Jeong Yeonsin in shock. He paid them no mind, reflecting instead on his duel with Namgung Hwasin—his stance, the layering of inner qi from the Fatebreaker's Codex, and the explosive release of his contracted muscles.

He saw no further path for improvement in his current techniques. The problem lay with his sword technique, or rather, his lack of it. 

*Was the guy who said I hadn't learned to imbue my sword with inner qi from the Devil's Wings? He was right.*

Jeong Yeonsin sighed. The Jeong Family, essentially a third-rate sect in the murim, passed down swordsmanship too mediocre for such high-level techniques. Moreover, under the Jeong Family Patriarch's oppression, he never had the chance to spar with anyone, and the freelancers he faced on his journey to Xiangyang were too weak to display such skills.

However, the Desolate Fortress was different. He had now stepped into the heart of the jianghu.

*Now that I know about the existence of such a technique, I think I can deduce how it's done. Shall I try it now?*

Lost in thought, Jeong Yeonsin carefully sent his qi into the broken sword. Unlike before, when he just roughly poured it in, he let his qi conduct through the steel of the sword blade. Eventually, his qi enveloped the whole blade. 

*I see. It's not just about imbuing energy into the blade. My qi is a medium; a medium by which I can become one with my sword.*

Before he knew it, his consciousness had connected with the sword, heightening his sense of awareness.

"Hum…" The sword thrummed, making a sound as if it was crying.

"Sword resonance!" someone yelled.

The martial artists in the pavilion stood up abruptly, astonished. 

Nevertheless, Jeong Yeonsin's eyes remained closed. Unconcerned with the commotion around him, he savored the sensation of the vibrating sword in his hand. 

*So this is what it means to become one with my sword—Sword Unification.*

Heart pounding, Jeong Yeonsin wondered what power his swift sword could unleash now. His sword technique would certainly not be the same as before.

Passing the Desolate Exam felt good, but learning something new made him ecstatic. Although the fruit of the World Tree was still far away, he had taken another step towards it.

*The Desolate Fortress is truly a fine place.*

Smiling, Jeong Yeonsin opened his eyes only to see Namgung Hwasin smiling broadly at him, his hand resting on the sword guard as if he had been protecting Jeong Yeonsin's moment of enlightenment from any disturbance.

"Congratulations on your achievement," Namgung Hwasin said, bowing his head slightly toward Jeong Yeonsin with a reverence that made one wonder if a person could truly be so polite and respectful.

"I wasn't aware you were standing guard for me. Thank you, and..."

"...?"

"Congratulations to you too, Master Namgung, on passing the second test of the Desolate Exam."

For the first time, a look of surprise crossed Namgung Hwasin's face, quickly followed by a hearty laugh.

Many envious glances immediately fell on Jeong Yeonsin from those watching the camaraderie between him and the White Kirin.

However, the boy's attention had already returned to his sword.

{sep}

One hour later, Hyonwon Chang finally showed up in the pavilion. It seemed he had passed the exam, as he playfully tapped the dragon emblem on his headband and said, "I've decided on an alias already. How about the Desolate Enigma?"

"The Desolate Enigma, as in the mysterious warrior of the Desolate Fortress? Can one really choose their own alias?" Jeong Yeonsin asked.

"Why not? The murim is full of shameless folks who announce their own chivalrous titles. If I introduce myself as the Desolate Enigma, then that's my alias."

"Then I guess every swordsman out there is either the Divine Sword or the Meteor Sword," Jeong Yeonsin teased.

Hyonwon Chang pretended not to hear him.

*An alias, huh,* Jeong Yeonsin mused. Aliases were nicknames given by the jianghu to someone who demonstrated remarkable skill or became famous for their deeds. Unless one committed evil acts, an alias was typically a mark of identity and great honor for a martial artist, like the Shearing Cliff Sword, the Silencing Fist, and the White Kirin.

"Speaking of aliases, it seems you have already earned yourself one as well," Namgung Hwasin suddenly said.

"Who, me? All I've ever done in the jianghu is take this exam."

"Yeah, but since it's the Desolate Fortress martial artists who are calling you the Lightning Flash, then it's basically official."

"The Lightning Flash? It's just a young kid's quickdraw, nothing more than a trick."

Namgung Hwasin smiled bitterly, revealing his pearly white teeth. "Just a trick? If you say so, what does that say about me who lost to you? Also, it's not uncommon for a martial artist's potential to be used as an alias. Congratulations."

"…Thank you," Jeong Yeonsin responded awkwardly, slightly embarrassed.

The Lightning Flash Jeong Yeonsin. It was an alias he could have never imagined while at the Jeong Family. Beside him, the self-proclaimed Desolate Enigma looked on enviously.

"Everyone, gather around!" the referee at the exam arena announced as the last exam passer entered the pavilion. "Just one more hurdle, and you will be warriors of the Desolate Fortress. Let me tell you in advance, those who pass will live, learn, and carry out missions within this lone jianghu fortress. Maintain the dignity befitting your status as chivalrous martial artists."

The twenty candidates who had undergone the Desolate Exam fell silent. 

Jeong Yeonsin knew why. While passing the second exam was a joy, the final hurdle was an interview with the Desolate Fortress Magistrate, a living legend of the Great Ming Empire and the strongest person in the murim. Meeting such a mythical figure was no trivial matter even for Jeong Yeonsin.

The referee led them through the ornate buildings of the fortress without speaking, and the silence continued even as they entered the massive central castle. There, the candidates were called up one by one, but without exception, all of them returned almost immediately with a haunted look, as if they were sent away after just a glance.

Finally, it was Jeong Yeonsin's turn.

*The examiner said that I just need to reach the top,* he thought, climbing a seemingly endless staircase. When he finally reached the summit, a grand, ancient door stood before him.

He nervously approached the door, and it swung open by itself, revealing an office. 

And a bizarre office it was. Everything inside was made entirely of wood, branches, and shrubs. Massive trunks naturally twisted and rose to form desks, chairs, and what seemed to be a bed.

Most importantly, right in the middle of the office, sunlight streamed in through a large open wall, lighting up an ancient, giant tree and a female figure whose martial arts uniform seemed dyed with the light green of leaves. The woman's face, slightly obscured by leafy twigs and leaning casually against the tree, slowly lifted her head.

"My name is Jeong Yeonsin," Jeong Yeonsin stated without faltering.

His eyes met the woman's. A sensation beyond shivering coursed through him, a mix of awe and emotion at the existence of such a being. 

*The world's strongest, the Desolate Fortress Magistrate.*

The Magistrate had ears as sharp as the tip of a Divine Sword and unparalleled beauty, but that was not what mesmerized him. It was her eyes. Her emerald green eyes swirled with the wisdom of the universe, and looking into them made him feel like his soul was being sucked into them.

Additionally, her presence was so extraordinary that even the Tyrant Sword Sect Leader, an absolute figure in Jeong Yeonsin's memory, paled in comparison.

A gentle breeze lifted the woman's long green hair, then brushed against Jeong Yeonsin's cheek.

The Desolate Fortress Magistrate tilted her head slightly. "You are… of that child's lineage," she said.

